She wants to divorce me.
If you want a divorce, I have to tell you first.
You're an asshole. Why did you have to say it first?
Don't go.
What clothes?
You think you pretend to be pitiful?
I will not divorce you.
Who?
Oh.
Manager Wang, ha, ha, Tmall manager, please come in quickly.
Ha ha ha this come find me Tran Pham
Did Tran Pham do something wrong again?
Don't like me.
I open I like him is fine.
Manager King.
You are too good to Tran Pham.
You should teach him a good lesson.
Let him know what is high and deep.
Before.
I'm right, punish this one a little more severely.
But it was also for his own good.
But today he doesn't know what happened.
He got angry and resigned.
Go away, you dare go away.
Did you tell me?
Do you have me in your heart?